good morning so it's that skateboard I
made simple volume 5 released
day-in-the-life yeah we're up basically
all night slaving away on the computer
for you guys to have this release and
now it's like 5:00 a.m. we're here with
Gabe he's got his hashtag is like bucket
t-shirt on to make sure and like the
bucket and then yeah I'm gonna put this
bag total stage and we are here so we're
here at the spot first I gotta warm up
feel like I'm still taking a nap yeah
that's good hey guys so today I'm going
to talk to you about advancing your
skateboard tricks
hey guys so today we are going to redo
the today I learned inward heel flips
you're ready to go to Fremont get your
free maltol for miles home ready to go
to Fremont I'm ready I was like
so here we are at left Fremont a
skatepark and yeah
first things first gotta go to the
bathroom take a cookie
Lance is sward Gabriel's axe my
Megalodon what's a Megalodon
I said giant guard it's a giant shark we
should get on Animal Planet more often
I see
hey guys so we're here today at the
Fremont skate park and we're here with
Lance and Lance has never really skated
a skate park and we have some friends
here to help us but yeah so I was like
we should teach Lance some skate park
tricks so we're going to only the hip
yeah so now we're going to move on to
the bigger hip this one
Oh what so he's gonna only offer that
thing that thing and I was like glance
you can you think you could all a that
should we do a live skates apart and he
was like well we could go with the
brooch try it's not even alive skids
port so I'm just going to put them on
the spot and it's gonna see if he can do
it oh yeah yeah
one too big
can I
so we just ended at Fremont it was a
long skate sash to the Sun and now we're
like starving so bad
we're literally about to die on a burger
so yeah we're going to get Lance this
incredible truly impressive
all right so to dispense it
okay never heard of some new strings
cutting everything power raid what's
that
nobody knows so here we are at
Fuddruckers I'm about to eat some
jalapeno cheese sauce with yeah
I guess this is an onion right
- here we'll find out this video part
it's gonna be super happy
I always paying just a little early I
like the mushroom or whatever oh that
looks pretty good
ah that's the weakest fly brain oh okay
that's rig force whatsoever that's like
okay we did good
goodbye dating life it was very nice
being here with all of you and I
regrettably have to go now goodbye
sad music hi everyone goodbye
Ziya Road Runners kind of made me felt
like I gotta had a heart attack how did
it make you feel like I just had a
delicious meal yeah really I was
skeptical at first but I liked it maybe
I shouldn't wait with a half pound Kobe
Kobe yeah I've got money for Kobe yeah
supposed to be expensive chili